Resiliency docs (#2326)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/resiliency/targets.md

---
type: docs
title: "Targets"
linkTitle: "Targets"
weight: 4500
description: "Apply resiliency policies to apps, components and actors"
---

### Targets

> Named policies are applied to targets. Dapr supports 3 target types that cover all Dapr building blocks, except observability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Named policies are applied to targets. Dapr supports three target types that apply all Dapr building block APIs:
```

- `apps`
- `components`
- `actors`

> Fault tolerance behaviors might differ between target types, as some targets may already include resilient capabilities; for example, [service invocation with built-in retries]({{< ref "service-invocation-overview.md#retries" >}}).  

Reviewer: Do you not find this sentence confusing? What is this trying to say?
